British English Academy.
A1 listening activity.
Course: A1 Starter English.
Module 6: A1 Review, Speaking and Everyday Tasks.
Lesson 5: A1 Review, Speaking and Everyday Tasks: Speaking Lesson 5.
Listen slowly. Repeat each short sentence.
Listen to the model answer. Then prepare your own short speaking response.
Learning objective: Learners can name, identify, ask and answer basic questions in a speaking task about classroom.
Today you will practise language connected to classroom.
Target language: can/can't.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise speaking for a1 review, speaking and everyday tasks. You will learn useful language connected to classroom and practise can/can't. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at A1 level.